# Cellular :: UI Library 

Cellular is designed to make things as simple as they can be, but no simpler.


## Components

## Usage
`/src` is where all development happens. 

### npm / NodeJS

Cellular uses nodejs/npm to simplify building and optimizing theme assets. If you don't have it already, install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) (version ^16 is required)

Open a terminal and use these commands to get set up running:

```
cd path/to/desired/directory
git clone https://github.com/ablank/cellular.git cellular
cd cellular
npm install
```
After the project is installed, there are several commands exposed in npm to make development easy: `npm run obeyMyCommand`.



 A list of all available commands is found in the `package.json` file `scripts: {}` object.

## Setting variables with style-dictionary
style-dictionary is a great solution for sharing variables across multiple technologies- the same configuration can be exported to multiple formats (ie. sass, json, yaml). 

Set the variables using the files from `/style-dictionary/variables/*.json`, or add your own `myVariable.json` to create a new variable.

The files generated by style-dictionary will be replaced with every build from the current  style-dictionary variables, so use it! 


## Javascript

Cellular UI uses jQuery to handle events and structure html so that designs may be implemented simply by focusing on sass.

To facilitate this, javascript object state is updated and classes are added to elements that reflect the state of interaction. A configuration object may be passed to customize plugins where appropriate, ie:

```
    $(".myListClass").jScrolli({
      transition: {
        background: "img:first", // Selector for applying background image
        pause: 8, // Time (seconds) to pause between slides.
        speed: 500 // Animation speed (milliseconds).
      },
      autodim: true, // Dim the slider if not active/focused.
      delay: 1.4, // Time (seconds) to wait before dimming.
    });
```

## Styling

Styling is done with Sass (`/src/sass`) and broken into partials loaded by ___index.scss.

Add new libraries to `/src/sass/libs` and import the main file/entry point in `/_libs/___index.scss`

